---
title: 1086 Days
---

<div>
<p>
I've been free for 1086 days. There's nothing particularly special about the round numbers, nor the annual anniversaries. It was simply nice to realise.<br><br>

"Free" is relative. I was worse off for many of those early days. But overall it's been a lovely time period to reflect on.<br><br>

Sandy has been in my life for 1038 days. He has been a wonderful little tether of motivation.<br><br>

I've had a stable roof over my head for 656 days. Acutely conscious of how fortunately the cards played out on this one. Many of us weren't that lucky. But whatever hand I had to play in it, I'm happy with.<br><br>

I've been on HRT for 652 days. By far the most influential act of my life, and also one of the best. Still in the early game with this one :3<br><br>

591 days since my first piercing. I left the shop already giddy for the next one. 340 days since my most recent ones. The cuntiness is still a work in progress but I grow happier and happier with it.<br><br>

488 days since my first laser appointment. Still stings a bit. Worth it.<br><br>

477 days since I had my moment of realisation that professional wrestling was the biggest dumbest shit ever and I loved it. Just felt nice to put something silly on this list. There's a specific story I can tell another time.<br><br>

224 days since an intense awakening of mine. This is a public site and I will say no more. Teehee.<br><br>

117 days since I called a long-distance friend of mine for the first time. We yapped about fashion, surgeries, cuddles, and bread.<br><br>

34 days of legally being Caoimhe.<br><br>

I've been in a safer place for 1086 days. At the same time, more vulnerable, excited, timid, loving, fearful, enthusiastic, rattled, motivated. Everything is more intense now. There is too much to do, and too many people to cling onto for dear life. But this will always beat a black hole and a dead end.

</p>
<script defer src="https://comments.oakreef.ie/comentario.js"></script>
<comentario-comments></comentario-comments>
</div>